Life can be difficult - you often feel sad, anxious, unsatisfied, like a failure, or even suicidal. Life has not turned out like you planned and you don’t understand what is wrong - you try so hard but still end up alone, misunderstood and never getting what you need.
My passion is to help you to become the very best version of yourself! When you arrive in my office I am deeply interested in making a connection and helping you locate the source of your pain - then finding a collaborative and healthful path through it. 
It is achingly lonely to struggle with your issues alone. My office is a safe, non-judgmental place where your deepest fears and pains are welcome and confidentially held. I will greet you with care and acceptance and we will find the ways to move you to wisdom, wholeness and joy!
Are you getting what you want out of life? I help my clients identify and let go of negative feelings, old behavior patterns, and ways of thinking that prevent them from living the life they want. Counseling can help you experience the joy of self-acceptance and the peace of mind that comes with healthy self-esteem. In the process, you can create stronger relationships, improve your communication with others, and see new possibilities for your life.
I offer a safe, compassionate environment to help you work through problems that keep you feeling stuck, sad, anxious or unfulfilled. Our work together will be based on collaboration and respect for your needs, strengths and experiences. I work primarily with individuals and couples; family or significant others may be included at your request.
Life can be challenging and sometimes you just need a little help. There's no reason to let anxiety, depression, past experiences or major life changes keep you from feeling confident and strong. Take a few minutes to e-mail or call, and let's talk.
I help individuals and couples adopt new and healthy ways to cope with anxiety, depression, ADHD, PTSD, shame, and trauma. You can begin to process complex emotions caused by issues related to money, work, relationships, parenting, or immigration stress. By focusing on your unique strengths, we develop practical, creative and immediate solutions, and build resilience. I incorporate somatic (body) awareness and self-care in sessions. I offer Brainspotting Therapy to heal emotional distress, Career Counseling, Financial Therapy, or Couples Counseling for premarital or marriage issues.Each one of us possesses problem-solving strengths. In times of transition and stress, these strengths can seem dormant. Therapy can uncover and further develop personal resiliency. I help people enhance their unique coping strategies, to move toward a life of integrity and strength. I believe therapy is a collaborative effort, with your skills, life experience and hopes an important factor in how our sessions proceed. It takes a lot of courage to start therapy. I am continually awed by the people I see in counseling. It's an honor to be involved in this work.
Life transitions, chronic pain, addiction, caring for an adult or child with health or mental health issues, loving someone struggling with substance use: these issues isolate and stress us. I have extensive experience in compassionately treating the grief, anxiety, confusion, and despondency that often accompanies these issues.
Do you feel anxious too much of the time? Exhausted, disconnected, without purpose or interest? Do you forfeit your own thoughts and feelings in relationship to others? Would you like to deal with difficulties more effectively than the unconscious impulses to comply, defy or flee? Whether it's a distinct problem or a vague discontent that needs resolution, I hold the space to illuminate, guide and empower your progression. This is where talk is strong medicine. Neuroscience reveals that therapy changes brain chemistry & structure. Habitual patterns fall away to a renewed sense of energy, choice and personal authority.
My expertise is helping people cope, heal and grow. Issues often stem from family history; all our relationships are informed by our inner working models of what it is to be safe, known, worthy and loved.
Many different life experiences & professional disciplines inform my work. I'm conversant in Eastern perspectives on the nature of mind and Western clinical practices. Jungian psychology & dreamwork complement modern psychoanalytic perspectives. Individually, in couples or in group therapy, our work together moves you toward your living the life you want. Do you feel anxious too much of the time? Exhausted, disconnected, without purpose or interest? Do you forfeit your own thoughts and feelings in relationship to others? Would you like to deal with difficulties more effectively than the unconscious impulses to comply, defy or flee? Whether it's a distinct problem or a vague discontent that needs resolution, I hold the space to illuminate, guide and empower your progression. This is where talk is strong medicine. Neuroscience reveals that therapy changes brain chemistry & structure. Habitual patterns fall away to a renewed sense of energy, choice and personal authority.
My expertise is helping people cope, heal and grow. Issues often stem from family history; all our relationships are informed by our inner working models of what it is to be safe, known, worthy and loved.
Many different life experiences & professional disciplines inform my work. I'm conversant in Eastern perspectives on the nature of mind and Western clinical practices. Jungian psychology & dreamwork complement modern psychoanalytic perspectives. Individually, in couples or in group therapy, our work together moves you toward your living the life you want.
Depressed? Grieving? Feel like you are stuck in life? Maybe you just feel lost and need a lantern in the dark. At times, everyone needs someone to talk to who is not in their circle to get some perspective. I assist my clients heal their hearts and find their way by providing solution-focused counseling and by providing powerful tools that can affect change. The cost of sessions and groups are negotiable when we talk.
I specialize in convenient "counseling on the go" done primarily through text messaging and email for busy people who have a hard time fitting traditional counseling appointments into their lives. SKYPE is available. Initial 30 minute 'get to know you' is free; counseling packages are available. I offer in-person grief groups in the community. 
I have been working in mental health since 2005 and earned my Master's in Counseling in 2011 from Walden University. I am currently working toward licensure and I am a registered intern in Oregon. What this means for YOU is that you get a seasoned professional at minimal cost!!! I don't want you HURTING anymore... contact me today!! :)
Life circumstances, internal struggles, uncomfortable emotions, health issues, and relationship challenges can sometimes make it difficult for any one to honestly say, "I am well." As a Licensed Clinical Social Worker and psychotherapist, I work with older teens and adults to enhance and nurture a strong and lasting sense of well-being. My style is warm, non-judgmental, and interactive. I work to sooth my clients' emotional distress, clarify their hopes and goals, and support desired change.
I was trained in traditional psychodynamic and client-centered theories that provide a foundation for the use of narrative and cognitive behavioral therapeutic techniques. My work is influenced by the latest research in neuroscience, interpersonal neurobiology, and mindfulness-based practices. I have extensive experience working with serious illnesses and grief.
If you are seeking a a deeper sense of well-being in your life, consider contacting me to see if I might be of extra support to you at this point in your life's journey.
I have helped individuals, couples and families overcome problems with relationships, depression, anxiety, anger, substance abuse, trauma, and domestic violence for over 30 years. I have also been an instructor in mind and body coordination training for 30 years. It is my privilege to continue to learn from and assist my clients.
I have specialized expertise in using EMDR (eye movement desensitization and reprocessing) to work through disturbing memories; and in helping my clients become more calm, compassionate, yet assertive, especially in intimate relationships.
I blend humor, respect, and inquisitiveness into our therapeutic relationship to support and sustain the changes you identify as necessary to make your life better.

